# Initialize Tenant from Otoroshi instances
You perhaps have a previous instance of Otoroshi, whiche contains services and lot of apikeys. This page have been created to easily import service group as API and apikeys as subscriptions in a tenant of your Daikoku instance.

Go to `settings/Organizations settings` and click `Initialization` on the left menu.

Now, it's easy as just follow steps.

## Select Otoroshi instance

Just select a previously created Otoroshi instance to begin.

## Select the step

You can begin to import Otoroshi service groups or just Otoroshi apikeys

## Select Service group to import

You have to choose which services you want to import. It's completly possible to change the API name but no necessary. 
You have to choose a team to admin the crated API. If the team doesn't exist, you can create a team in this screen.
Your action is just, for the moment, to tack the api to create, the creation will be effective later.  
_notice: Every choice you make are saved on your local storage in case of problem._

## Recap and creation

The next screen list all API to create. If your agree with this, you can click on the `create` button to launch the APIs creation.

## Select Service group to import

You have to choose which apikeys you want to import.
You have to choose an api with a plan and a team for every apikeys. If the plan does't exists, you can create a plan in this screen (_notice: it will a FreePlan but you can change it after creation_).  
If the team doesn't exist, you can create a team in this screen.
Your action is just, for the moment, to stack the apikey to create, the creation will be effective later.  
_notice: Every choice you make are saved on your local storage in case of problem._

## Recap and creation

The next screen list all subscriptions to create. If your agree with this, you can click on the create button to launch the subscriptios creation.

## Done

All the selected APIs and apikeys are created. You have certainly to go to API page to update some informations because APIs are just created with default informations, just name and plan.
You can import APIS and apikeys from another Otorshi instance if you want.