# Initialize Tenant from Otoroshi instances
You perhaps have a previous instance of Otoroshi, which contains services and a lot of apikeys. This page has been created to easily import service groups as API and apikeys as subscriptions in a tenant of your Daikoku instance.

Go to `settings/Organizations settings` and click `Initialization` on the left menu.

Now, it's easy as just follow the steps.

## Select the Otoroshi instance

Just select a previously created Otoroshi instance to begin.

## Select the step

You can begin to import Otoroshi service groups or just Otoroshi apikeys

## Select Service group to import

You have to choose which services you want to import. It's completely possible to change the API name but it's no necessary. 
You have to choose a team to administer the created API. If the team doesn't exist, you can create one on this screen.
Your action is just, for the moment, to stack the API to create, the creation will be effective later.  
_Notice: Every choice you make is saved on your local storage in case of a problem._

## Services - Recap and creation

The next screen lists all the APIs to create. If you are agree with this, you can click on the `create` button to launch the APIs creation.

## Select API keys to import

You have to choose which API keys you want to import.
You have to choose an API with a plan and a team for every API keys. If the plan doesn't exists, you can create one on this screen (_notice: it will be a FreePlan, but you can change it after creation_).  
If the team doesn't exist, you can create one on this screen.
Your action is just, for the moment, to stack the API key to create, the creation will be effective later.  
_Notice: Every choice you make is saved on your local storage in case of a problem._

## Subscriptions - Recap and creation

The next screen lists all subscriptions to create. If you are agree with this, you can click on the create button to launch the subscription creation.

## Done

All the selected APIs and API keys habe been created. You have certainly got to the API page to update some informations because APIs are just created with default informations, just name and plan.
If you have created some teams, be aware that you are the only member of those teams.
You can import APIs and API keys from another Otoroshi instance if you wish.